Network
IZO™ Multi Cloud Connect Demo
Internet WAN Savings Calculator - Calculate TCO Savings
IZO™ SDWAN Customised Demo
Eight key consideration for SDWAN
Internet Leased Line Service tariff
Unified Communications as a Service (UCaaS)
MS Teams Free Trial
CISCO Free Trial
Calculate savings for Microsoft Teams
Calculate savings with CISCO
Customer Interaction Suite
Self Assess Your Customer Interaction
Delivering integrated network security at the Edge
Streamline your customer experience for the new digital era
Cloud & Edge
Calculate Cloud Solutions and Services Pricing 
Cloud Maturity Assessment
Edge: CloudLyte - Try Online
IDC business value executive brief
Cloud repatriation to fine tune your cloud
Cyber Security
Assess Your SSE Maturity Now!
Experience Advanced Threat Safeguard
Delivering integrated network security at the Edge
Securing the internet in a cloud-first, anywhere world
Connected Solutions
Empowering the complex and challenging broadcast of Formula 1® to millions of fans globally
Tata Communications addressing enterprise challenges with Multi Cloud Connectivity - An ISG research™ briefing note
Carrier Services
Fraud Prevention as Service - customer security checklist
Integrated carrier services provided to mobile and fixed network communications service provider (CSP) in Australia
Content Delivery Network
Tata Communications is a global leader in the Frost Radar™: Global content delivery network, 2023
Tata Communications Content Delivery Network - Whole site acceleration datasheet
About Us
A Global Leader In Global WAN Services By Gartner Magic Quadrant
Customer success stories featuring our innovative solutions, global network, and managed services
Enable growth through proactive customer success teams equipped with expertise, tools, and insights
Gartner Peer Insights and client reviews reaffirm our industry leadership in network services
Strategic global alliances with tailored offerings for journeys of digital transformation
Partnership programmes to innovate, co-create customer-centric offerings, and seize new markets
Empowering Digital Dreams
India has the potential to become a USD $ five trillion economy by 2024, and to realise this, our firms and industries must embrace digital transformation across the value chain. However, businesses in general and SMEs in particular lack the requisite technical know-how and face operational limitations in taking that first big leap of change.
At CII – Tata Communications Centre for Digital Transformation, we aim to make available the know-how, skills, expertise and support that SMEs need, and empower them in realising their digital dreams. Our key initiatives include the below mentioned core areas of improvement.
To be a centre of international repute that enables continuous betterment of organisations through digital transformation
To evolve and leverage a digital transformation movement that transforms India by building systems of intelligence, by bringing in more personal computing, helping organisations adopt the intelligent cloud and reinvent their productivity and business processes, thereby enhancing their effectiveness and inclusive growth
Thank You for attending the DX Summit & Awards’19
The Centre for Digital Transformation was set up with the primary objective of inclusive upskilling for everyone. Professionals – entry level to CXOs, constantly struggle to bridge their skill gaps.
Our centre offers a plethora of programs including webinars, technology seminars, online certification courses and offline residential programs to help professionals and businesses gain expertise and power their digital dreams. Programs supporting this initiative include:
The Indian SME sector has been a key driver of the economy, expecting to contribute to 22 percent of the GDP by 2020. SMEs also account for 45 percent of all manufacturing output and make up 40 percent of India’s workforce.
SMEs are keen to transform their legacy infrastructure, modernise operations and keep pace with competition on digital transformation initiatives. We enable access to expert knowledge, best practices, services and real-time insights on market developments, all of which are powering digital futures for SMEs by helping them make informed decisions. Key initiatives in this area include:
Digital transformation is key to bridging existing gaps in digital skills. The “Digital Maturity Appraisal” was launched at the CII Annual General Meeting on 5 April, 2019 as yet another initiative to empower SMEs in realising their digital dreams.
This self-assessment tool has been created to help Indian industries envisage their digital transformation roadmap by assessing themselves on six digital dimensions. These include digital vision and strategy, technology applications, operational innovation, customer experience, organisation and leadership, and governance, risk and compliance. This tool will provide member organisations with the ability to benchmark their current level of digital operations. Salient offerings include:
One of the basic goals of digital transformation is the enhancement of the quality of human life. The Government of India announced the Smart Cities Mission in 2015 towards this end,
including developmental plans for 100 cities across the country to make them more citizen-friendly and sustainable by 2022.Recognising the increasing significance of smart cities and IoT in digital transformation, the Centre for Digital Transformation has undertaken the following initiatives:
The International Data Corporation (IDC) estimates that 93 per cent of Indian organisations have just basic cybersecurity protection in place. This is truly alarming and there is a pressing need for change in security conversations within organisations.
Increasing incidents of cyber-attacks and security threats create an estimated business opportunity in cybersecurity worth USD $ 35 billion and potential employment for one million professionals in India by 2025. As a result, cybersecurity is a prime focus area for CII-Tata Communications Centre for Digital Transformation. Events organised to promote this initiative include:
Unlock insights with our downloadable collection of whitepapers and reports, all at your fingertip.
The Centre for Digital Transformation was set up with the primary objective of inclusive upskilling for everyone. Professionals – entry level to CXOs, constantly struggle to bridge their skill gaps.
Our centre offers a plethora of programs including webinars, technology seminars, online certification courses and offline residential programs to help professionals and businesses gain expertise and power their digital dreams. Programs supporting this initiative include:
The Indian SME sector has been a key driver of the economy, expecting to contribute to 22 percent of the GDP by 2020. SMEs also account for 45 percent of all manufacturing output and make up 40 percent of India’s workforce.
SMEs are keen to transform their legacy infrastructure, modernise operations and keep pace with competition on digital transformation initiatives. We enable access to expert knowledge, best practices, services and real-time insights on market developments, all of which are powering digital futures for SMEs by helping them make informed decisions. Key initiatives in this area include:
Digital transformation is key to bridging existing gaps in digital skills. The “Digital Maturity Appraisal” was launched at the CII Annual General Meeting on 5 April, 2019 as yet another initiative to empower SMEs in realising their digital dreams.
This self-assessment tool has been created to help Indian industries envisage their digital transformation roadmap by assessing themselves on six digital dimensions. These include digital vision and strategy, technology applications, operational innovation, customer experience, organisation and leadership, and governance, risk and compliance. This tool will provide member organisations with the ability to benchmark their current level of digital operations. Salient offerings include:
One of the basic goals of digital transformation is the enhancement of the quality of human life. The Government of India announced the Smart Cities Mission in 2015 towards this end,
including developmental plans for 100 cities across the country to make them more citizen-friendly and sustainable by 2022.Recognising the increasing significance of smart cities and IoT in digital transformation, the Centre for Digital Transformation has undertaken the following initiatives:
The International Data Corporation (IDC) estimates that 93 per cent of Indian organisations have just basic cybersecurity protection in place. This is truly alarming and there is a pressing need for change in security conversations within organisations.
Increasing incidents of cyber-attacks and security threats create an estimated business opportunity in cybersecurity worth USD $ 35 billion and potential employment for one million professionals in India by 2025. As a result, cybersecurity is a prime focus area for CII-Tata Communications Centre for Digital Transformation. Events organised to promote this initiative include:
Unlock insights with our downloadable collection of whitepapers and reports, all at your fingertip.

            In the news
          
Our role at the heart of the Centre for Digital Transformation
“	Adoption of Digital Transformation is not an option but a necessity for Indian corporates. The CII – Tata Communications Centre for Digital Transformation would help Indian corporates towards adopting digital technologies to enhance their competitiveness. With its heritage in providing Indian cities, utilities and businesses with world-class digital infrastructure and services, Tata Communications is well placed to provide strategic leadership to guide the digital transformation of India   ”